README.md, before:

# simple_search

A Rust library and command-line tool for searching web pages and fetching their content, suitable for use with LLMs.

## Overview

`simple_search` is a tool that performs web searches and retrieves content from the resulting pages. It combines search engine querying with web scraping capabilities to gather structured, cleaned information from search results, making it particularly suitable for LLM applications.

## Features

- Search using Google search engine
- Concurrently fetch multiple web pages
- Extract main content from web pages
- Clean and structure content for LLM consumption
- Return structured data or formatted text
- Save content to local files
- Configurable number of pages and content length

## Installation

Add this to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
simple_search = "0.1.0"
```

Or install the command-line tool:

```bash
cargo install simple_search
```

## Usage

### As a Library

```rust
use simple_search::{search_and_fetch_structured, search_and_fetch_summary};

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    // Get structured results
    let results = search_and_fetch_structured("Rust programming", 5, 5000).await?;
    
    // Or get a formatted summary string
    let summary = search_and_fetch_summary("Rust programming", 5, 5000).await?;
    
    println!("{}", summary);
    Ok(())
}
```

### Command Line

```bash
# Basic search
simple_search "Rust programming"

# Search with options
simple_search "Rust programming" --pages 10 --max-chars 10000
```

### Command Line Options

- `query` - Search query (required)
- `--pages` / `-p` - Number of pages to fetch (default: 5)
- `--max-chars` / `-m` - Maximum characters per page (default: 5000)

## Output

The tool creates a `fetched_pages` directory with:

- Individual HTML and Markdown files for each page
- A summary file with all results

## Library Functions

### `search_and_fetch_structured`

Returns structured data in a `SearchResults` struct:

```rust
pub async fn search_and_fetch_structured(
    query: &str,
    page_count: usize,
    max_chars_per_page: usize,
) -> Result<SearchResults, Box<dyn std::error::Error>>
```

### `search_and_fetch_summary`

Returns a formatted string summary:

```rust
pub async fn search_and_fetch_summary(
    query: &str,
    page_count: usize,
    max_chars_per_page: usize,
) -> Result<String, Box<dyn std::error::Error>>
```

## For Developers

### Building

```bash
cargo build
```

### Running

```bash
cargo run -- "your search query"
```

### Testing

```bash
cargo test
```

### Publishing to crates.io

To publish this crate to crates.io:

1. Create an account at [crates.io](https://crates.io/)
2. Get your API token from your account settings
3. Log in locally with `cargo login <your-token>`
4. Publish with `cargo publish`

Before publishing, ensure:
- Your crate name is unique on crates.io
- Your version number is appropriate
- All metadata in Cargo.toml is correct
- You've tested the crate thoroughly

## Dependencies

- `clap` - Command line argument parsing
- `serde` - Serialization framework
- `simple_google` - Google search functionality
- `spider` - Web scraping framework
- `futures` - Asynchronous programming utilities

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Rename crate to search_for_llms and update references

README.md, after:

# search_for_llms

A Rust library and command-line tool for searching web pages and fetching their content, suitable for use with LLMs.

## Overview

`simple_search` is a tool that performs web searches and retrieves content from the resulting pages. It combines search engine querying with web scraping capabilities to gather structured, cleaned information from search results, making it particularly suitable for LLM applications.

## Features

- Search using Google search engine
- Concurrently fetch multiple web pages
- Extract main content from web pages
- Clean and structure content for LLM consumption
- Return structured data or formatted text
- Save content to local files
- Configurable number of pages and content length

## Installation

Add this to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
search_for_llms = "0.1.0"
```

Or install the command-line tool:

```bash
cargo install search_for_llms
```

## Usage

### As a Library

```rust
use search_for_llms::{search_and_fetch_structured, search_and_fetch_summary};

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<(), Box<dyn std::error::Error>> {
    // Get structured results
    let results = search_and_fetch_structured("Rust programming", 5, 5000).await?;
    
    // Or get a formatted summary string
    let summary = search_and_fetch_summary("Rust programming", 5, 5000).await?;
    
    println!("{}", summary);
    Ok(())
}
```

### Command Line

```bash
# Basic search
search_for_llms "Rust programming"

# Search with options
search_for_llms "Rust programming" --pages 10 --max-chars 10000
```

### Command Line Options

- `query` - Search query (required)
- `--pages` / `-p` - Number of pages to fetch (default: 5)
- `--max-chars` / `-m` - Maximum characters per page (default: 5000)

## Output

The tool creates a `fetched_pages` directory with:

- Individual HTML and Markdown files for each page
- A summary file with all results

## Library Functions

### `search_and_fetch_structured`

Returns structured data in a `SearchResults` struct:

```rust
pub async fn search_and_fetch_structured(
    query: &str,
    page_count: usize,
    max_chars_per_page: usize,
) -> Result<SearchResults, Box<dyn std::error::Error>>
```

### `search_and_fetch_summary`

Returns a formatted string summary:

```rust
pub async fn search_and_fetch_summary(
    query: &str,
    page_count: usize,
    max_chars_per_page: usize,
) -> Result<String, Box<dyn std::error::Error>>
```

## For Developers

### Building

```bash
cargo build
```

### Running

```bash
cargo run -- "your search query"
```

### Testing

```bash
cargo test
```

### Publishing to crates.io

To publish this crate to crates.io:

1. Create an account at [crates.io](https://crates.io/)
2. Get your API token from your account settings
3. Log in locally with `cargo login <your-token>`
4. Publish with `cargo publish`

Before publishing, ensure:
- Your crate name is unique on crates.io
- Your version number is appropriate
- All metadata in Cargo.toml is correct
- You've tested the crate thoroughly

## Dependencies

- `clap` - Command line argument parsing
- `serde` - Serialization framework
- `simple_google` - Google search functionality
- `spider` - Web scraping framework
- `futures` - Asynchronous programming utilities

## License

MIT
